Some improvements on private registry credentials docs (#517)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/install/crds.mdx

In Okteto version `1.14` we've changed the way private registry configuration is managed. In `1.14` onward you must configure private registries via the [Admin dashboard](administration/dashboard.mdx/#registry-credentials) or by defining them directly in your cluster through one of the CRDs installed by Okteto: `admin.okteto.com`. This last case is useful, for example, if you have your own mechanism to provision credentials/secrets in your cluster.

If you prefer to define the registries directly in your cluster, you can do it by creating an [Opaque Kubernetes secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/#creating-a-secret) in the cluster with the data needed for the registry. Depending on the type of registry, you will need different fields.

Once the secret is created, you will need to create a resource with the apiVersion `admin.okteto.com/v1`, which is one of the CRDs installed by Okteto, referring to the secret which contains the credentials.

> In that way, if you want to define static credentials (username and password) for a private registry, you just need to create a secret in the Okteto namespace with the user and pass to be used. After that, you have to define a CRD with some information. The name of the resource has to be the hostname of the registry (e.g. `index.docker.io` or `111122223333.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com`), so imagine you want to add a configuration for docker's registry, you will need to create a resource like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to define static credentials (username and password) for a private registry you need to create a secret in the Okteto namespace with the username and password to be used. Once created, you need to define a CRD using the name of the resource as the hostname of the registry (e.g. `index.docker.io` or `111122223333.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com`).  For example, if you want to add a configuration for Docker's registry, you will need to create a resource like this:
```
